hey what's up guys
today I'll show you a science fiction thriller film: "Vivarium"
spoiler ahead, watch out and take care
cuckoo is a kind of bird living a parasitic life
about one-third of the female cuckoos will lay their eggs in other birds' nests
after the eggs hatch, the baby cuckoos will push other chicks out of the nest on purpose
making the surrogate mother birds feed themselves as their own children
by intruding into other birds' nests
the baby cuckoos grow up disturbingly even larger than their surrogate mothers
similar stories also happen in human society
Gemma is a kindergarten teacher
one day, she sees a girl in the kindergarten crying for two dead little birds
obviously, those are two chicks pushed out of their nest by baby cuckoos
Gemma comforts the girl that it's the law of nature
her boyfriend Tom, is a gardener working in the same kindergarten as Gemma
he helps bury the birds, trying to make his girlfriend happier in this way
the couple has a car, but both earn a low salary
the car is the only property they have
under the pressure of Gemma's parents
the young couple decides to buy a house, preparing for their future life
one day after work, they drive to a real estate agent to ask about buying a house
the real estate office is full of strange identical subjects
in which the agent greets them with a fixed smile
though the couple shows no interest in the recommended properties
the agent insists on taking them to see a sample house
following the agent, Gemma and Tom drive to a large housing estate called Yonder
the couple are shocked by the seemingly endless identical green houses
when entering the community
the uniform houses and lawns make them puzzled
the agent takes them to the number 9 house
which is fully equipped and ready to welcome its new owner
there are even food and drinks in the fridge
while showing them around, the agent asks if they have kids
when Gemma replies to him "No. Not yet", he mimics her words strangely
the agent seems quite satisfied with the house and highly recommends it to the couple
he even says the couple can live here until the day they die and buried together
feeling offended, the couple leaves him alone to look around the house
however, they return to find the agent is gone
angry at the bad service, the couple decides to leave
they try to drive out of the community but can't find the way back
there are thousands of streets in the community
and each street looks exactly the same
driving around and around, they're depressed to find themselves at house number 9 again
in the evening, they have lost mobile signal and run out of gasoline
but they can't find anyone around
so they have to sleep in the number 9 house for the night
they have some food left in the fridge but find it tasteless
the next morning, the couple decides to escape from this strange place
they find a ladder from the house
Tom climbs up the roof using the ladder
hoping to get a general view of the neighborhood
but he's desperate to see thousands and thousands of identical roofs
stretching as far as his eye can reach
frightened to be trapped here, Tom and Gemma run on foot toward the way the sun sets
they keep climbing over the railings but still can't find the way out
when night falls, Gemma suddenly notices there's a house  with the light on
it means that there must be people living in it
the couple runs over to the house excitedly
however, they're disappointed to find they have been back to the number 9 house again
what's more puzzling is that there's a box full of packaged food in front of the house
it seems someone has treated them as "prisoners"
in order to force the man hiding behind to show up
Tom sets fire to the house angrily and lets the smoke send a distress signal
they sleep on the road that night
however, the next day when they wake up
they're surprised to find the house remains in perfect condition
and there's another box containing a newborn baby in front of the door
with a note "Raise the child and be released"
the two are confused a lot by that, but to accept the fat baby as their own
it seems it is the only way for them to do.
98 days later however, the baby has grown to be like a primary school student
who speaks like an adult and always mimics the couple's voices in a strange manner
the boy calls them mother and father
however, they don't like the child at all
as he always lets out creepy screams when he is unhappy
Tom gradually gets mad
as their life here is boring and they have to raise a freak boy
during the time they live there
Tom consistently leaves messages for help on the roof
but no one ever finds his message
there will be a box that appears in front of the house every morning
bringing them their daily supplies
before the day ends, they put their life wastes in the box to be collected
bored of his life, Tom does nothing every day but sits in the garden with Gemma
waiting to find who sends and collects the boxes
but they never see anyone
the boxes just show and disappear in a second
suddenly, a small area of the lawn burned by a cigarette attracts Tom's attention
he finds the soil under the lawn unusual
thinking that there must be something hiding underground
so he starts to dig a hole in the garden
hoping to escape from there through the tunnel
ever since he starts digging, Tom's life has been changed
during the day, he always hurries to finish his meal
then starts to dig the hole in the garden until night
he communicates less and less with Gemma
sometimes he even sleeps at the bottom of the hole
it's another ordinary day
Gemma sits on the ground of the living room
watching the freak boy run over and play himself
after a while, the boy turns on the TV and starts watching
the television shows bizarre and fractal-like patterns
but the boy is totally absorbed in it
when it comes to the night
Gemma and Tom spend their rare free time sitting in the car together
luckily, there is still some power left to turn on the car radio
being away from their world for long
they're pleased to hear such beautiful music and can't help dancing to it
however, life in the house has become an unbearable torment to Tom
as the freak boy always bursts out screaming
one morning after breakfast, the freak emits a high-pitched scream again
Tom can't stand it anymore, so he locks the damned boy in the car
leaving him alone to starve
the boy shouts and struggles for help in the locked car
arousing Gemma's maternal instincts
in spite of Tom's opposition
she takes the boy out of the car and brings him back to the room
continuing to care for him
upset about Gemma and his life
Tom spends all day digging the hole and seldom talks to Gemma
the couple gradually alienates from each other
the only thing that makes Gemma's life better is to take care of the boy
she plays games with him every day
sometimes they will have picnics together on the grass
staring at the clouds in identical shapes
one day however, the boy is missing
Gemma looks for him anxiously but can't find him anywhere
at night, the boy comes back alone
with a book full of strange patterns and terrifying words
Gemma asks him who gave him the book
the boy suddenly makes strange sounds and inflates his throat sacs
acting like a toad monster
Gemma cries out in despair, for she can't stand it either
soon another 98 days pass by
the boy has grown to resemble a young man
Gemma has become afraid of the freak
she weeps out her regret to Tom that they should have killed the boy
at this time, Tom has become too weak to speak aloud and wash himself
his back is covered with bruises
Gemma has to figure out a way on her own
she follows the freak when he leaves the house during the day
but she gets lost before long
while Tom is working on the tunnel
he finds a corpse in a body bag from underground
with his shit scared out, Tom climbs out of the hole
and happens to hear Gemma's call for help
he guides Gemma to find the way back with his sound
the couple finally finds each other
but they're locked outside of the house by the freak
so they have to sleep in the car
after days without food, Tom becomes sicker and is close to death
when the freak comes out during the day
Gemma pleads with him to save her lover
but he replies indifferently that it's time for Tom to be released
the poor Tom dies in Gemma's arms, eventually
the freak brings back a box, in which there's another vacuum bag
he zips Tom's dead body into it
Gemma can do nothing but watch the freak throw Tom's body into that hole dug by Tom
she loses her mind in anger and ambushes the freak with a pickaxe
however, she can only hurt him a little
the freak injures and makes strange noises
he opens the street as if throwing back a sheet and crawls into a maze underground
Gemma follows him into the maze
she is surprised by this underground world
it's like a colorful haunted house
where she sees others repeat a similar miserable life in a similar house
with a similar freak boy
Gemma sees all of the familiar scenes as a fast-forward movie
ending with the death of those poor people like her
Gemma is so depressed to fall downstairs
and finds herself back in the number 9 house again
Gemma finally realizes that they have been imprisoned since they enter this community
she has never felt so weak and hopeless
in desperation, she closes her eyes
the last thing she knows is that the freak puts her body into a new vacuum bag
and says indifferently that mothers should die after raising their children
Gemma says with her last reserves of strength that she wants to go home
the freak however, replies thrillingly that this is her home and resting place
after Gemma dies, the freak buries her with Tom and fills the hole
the hole then disappears in a moment as if nothing has ever happened
after the couple dies, the freak repaints the number 9 house to its original condition
he fills the couple's car with gas
then drives out of the community easily to the real estate office
where Tom and Gemma once went
the agent who met the couple lies in the chair, waiting for him
however, he seems very old and is about to die
the freak gets the agent's name tag to take over his responsibilities
he then moves the dying agent's body into a bag, folds it up, and puts it into a drawer
finishing all this, the freak sits down behind the table
now he has become the new agent waiting for his clients
at this moment, the doorbell rings
as another couple walks into the office, the new agent stands to welcome them
it seems that another story has begun
this's Daniel CC movie channel, peace out